nobody really does so you're following
around on yo make opener so scared for
you Cameron huh baby can just Joe oh no
I want king hey Liv of the element
do you download
hey serious welcome to I knew smoking
lounge this is the area where we have
been forced to come to smoke their
cigarettes because in the real world
corporate world no longer wants is
inside
special to me
Tracy trick
I was watching know this old house at
work you're pushing very hard here Judy
interesting gossip riverhead itself to
surrender general Tuesday take on wash-
recently when I became deathly ill I was
able to summon an ambulance my family
and my doctor without faking of the
telephone I use this remote control to
contact you might call my 24 hour
emergency medical response service what
you just press this button and speak
into the aaron i'm having chest pain i'm
calling / vonage and your families for
over I've fallen and I can't get that
we're sending help immediately
displeasure free protect yourself driver
and your memory loss to get complete
free information by mail about this
affordable like conch and save your life
so called you get three details by mail
right away for free information about my
fault oh 165 3400 s160 by 3400
you
get that camera like the bass note on it
got real nice nicest I've ever seen how
do they look Moscow can you come pick
them into the mechanics right here's a
15 replies are right it clean check
real-time here the wide angle of the
lens is now on so why are your ideas in
everything everybody see like a shower
thought that done it